So the third frame is going to be where he's airborne.
So let's have a look at our diagram and this is the third frame right here.
So his feet have left the ground and his arms are going to come up a little bit and his head is going
to tilt back just a little bit more.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So the first thing we're going to do is we're going to delete this copy that we made.
Next we're going to select all of our folders and using the arrow keys on our keyboard.
We're going to go ahead and nudge our character up into the air.
But there should be high enough next.
Let's select our back arm and our spear folder then using the Transform Tool.
Go ahead and rotate that up.
MIKE So you know a little bit more
great.
Now let's go ahead and switch over to our body layer and we'll cut this arm out.
And let's rotate that
Asa now using our brush tool.
We can go ahead and select that skin tone painted in.
And remember if you're uncomfortable with free handing in the paint you can go ahead and use your lasso
tool to lasso that shape in there.
Great.
Now lastly what we want to do is rotate his head just a little bit more.
So we're going to come up to our feather folder and our mask folder and using the transform tool make
sure that your pivot point is down at his neck and we'll go ahead and rotate that a little bit more
like So now as you can see his head is sort of coming off his neck.
So we can just go ahead and use the arrow keys on the keyboard to push that down back over his neck.
Great.
So you just finished your third frame for your character so let's go ahead and select all of these folders
and make a copy urged them and then we'll go ahead and drop this into our spreadsheet.
Great.
Now let's go ahead delete that background and rename this the.
EF 3.
Then let's not forget to save out our frame
and we'll call this one.
EF 3
great.